♪ I know when to go out ♪
♪ I know when to stay in ♪
♪ Get things done ♪
- Yeah. Yeah.
- I know.
♪ I catch the paper boy
But things don't really change ♪
♪ I'm standing in the wind
But I never wave bye-bye ♪
What next?
♪ But I try ♪
♪ I try ♪
Armstrong.
You got a visitor.
It's not visiting hours.
No shit.
All I know is you're expected.
You're not coming in?
Just you.
Miss me?
Now and again.
You look like a million bucks.
You know. Priscilla. most people.
once they get out of prison…
it's the last place they want to visit.
I'm funny like that.
Mmm.
So. I know you talk to her.
Mmm. Now and again.
You know where she is?
And I know you know
I wouldn't tell you even if I did.
So. I figure eventually you'll get around
to giving me the message
you want delivered.
You know me so well.
Well. I put in my time.
So. she needs to bring me
the money. John. Quickly.
Then I can just smooth things over
with Wayne.
keep both of our kids from getting killed.
Your boy.
he went rogue.
Or somebody grabbed him.
I'm still figuring out that piece.
Well. either way.
It means she doesn't have
the money anymore.
If she doesn't yet.
you and I both know she soon will.
Mmm.
Hmm?
I saw her.
Yeah.
How'd that go?
It wasn't a banner day for her.
But she walked away.
I'm guessing it was more of a limp.
He'll kill her.
You'll kill her.
Not if she plays ball.
Priscilla. she's already playing ball.
You just haven't figured out the game yet.
Oh.
I forgot how exhausting
your bravado can be.
There's parental pride.
and then there's blind narcissism.
Well.
at least my kid's still talking to me.
You know.
I can forgive you for stealing from me.
You are what you are.
But…
when your little girl dies alone
and afraid
with a bullet in the back of her head
in some godforsaken hiding spot.
I think even you will feel responsible.
- When I get out of here...
- Please don't.
Don't embarrass yourself.
I…
I do miss you…
now and again.
She's running out of time. John.
Tell her that.
Oh. my God.
Get away from my girls.
I'm sorry. I didn't mean to scare you.
I look scared to you with
a Winchester in my hands?
I'm so thirsty.
I've been walking for hours.
Yeah?
Well. now you can walk some more.
- She killed the snake.
- Oh. did she now?
- It was about to strike.
- Uh-huh.
I just reacted.
You would've done the same.
What are you doing out here?
I was in a car accident.
Are you hurt?
A few cuts.
but I… I think the bleeding stopped.
- You want me to call an ambulance?
- No. Don't. I. uh…
don't have insurance.
I'll get out of your way.
Thank you for.
uh. letting me drink your water.
Could you point me
in the direction of the nearest town?
Kingman's like 40 miles south from here.
You're gonna die of
a heatstroke before you make it.
Why don't you come inside?
We'll get you cleaned up
and a real glass of water.
And then we'll figure
out what to do with you.
Do we know who our friends are?
Not yet. no.
No ID. This California plate's been
registered to a shell company in Delaware.
What makes you think
they're connected to our case?
Fatal crash.
falsely registered vehicle less than
30 miles away from where Mason was hit.
Do you think that's a coincidence?
You and I both know dead bodies tend
to pile up whenever Priscilla's around.
You think she was here?
No.
Priscilla doesn't get her hands dirty.
I think Lucky was here.
And she put up a fight too.
You think that girl killed these two men?
She's like. what. 90 pounds. soaking wet?
I don't know exactly what
happened here. but I know she was here.
She was out.
What dragged her back in?
Ten million dollars.
No.
Something else.
On your 6:00.
Oh.
Good morning. Assistant Director.
- Any word on Mason?
- I just came from the hospital.
That car that hit him did
a real number on him.
He's out of surgery now.
but his field career is over.
I'm trying to decide which is worse.
That you ran a large scale operation
out of Vegas without reading me in.
or that you came up empty.
- Not my finest moment. sir.
- And this is the part where you tell me
how all this has nothing to do with you
trying to put Priscilla Masterson
away again.
Take a walk. Gates.
- Peter?
- You're spiraling. Billie.
No. I'm not.
- I am doing my job.
- Ah.
- I am following the money.
- To Priscilla?
To Wayne Whittaker.
Oh.
you think Priscilla stole from Whittaker?
No. No. she knows better than that.
But John Armstrong never saw
a dollar without seeing an angle.
My guess is. he built up
quite a nest egg behind her back.
Now that she's out of prison.
he figures he needs to move
that money before Priscilla finds it.
So he calls his daughter.
Whittaker has Priscilla chasing the money.
We get her taking possession
of the money. we have her.
She gives up Whittaker.
we take them both down.
Yeah. but she didn't
give him up last time.
She's had a taste of prison now.
All right.
I'll give you some rope on this.
But you keep me looped in. do you hear me?
- Do you hear me?
- I hear you. Yes. sir. I hear you.
I hear you.
That right there.
That look in your eye.
What look?
- Right there.
- This look?
Vendettas kill cases like this.
Don't make her your white whale again.
Yes. sir. Gates.
Put her hair back. All the way.
- All the way?
- Yeah.
- Just a little…
- And then clip it.
- Okay.
- Yeah. yeah. yeah. All the way back.
Yeah. So I can see that.
That's a deep cut. Look at that.
Probably could've used stitches.
but it's too late for that.
Your mom looks like she knows
what she's doing.
She's not our mom.
She's our lita.
They're my daughter's girls.
It was a lifetime ago. but I used to work
as a nurse's aide in a high school.
And you'd be surprised at how many
wounds like this I had to clean up.
All the kids falling off
their skateboards and…
Okay.
Did one of you two draw that?
I did. When I was younger.
- Mm-hmm.
- Pretty good. huh?
She is quite the artist.
Like her mother.
I don't like it.
but Lita won't take it down.
What?
May I see it?
Sure.
Let's see.
Well. what is wrong with that?
Why don't you like it?
- It's supposed to be me and Lita.
- Mm-hmm.
- But…
- They look like birds.
No. we don't.
- Look at those feathers.
- Uh. excuse me.
I think that's
clearly supposed to be hair.
This is her masterpiece.
And it's all mine.
Never gonna take it down.
Is there anyone I can call for you?
Uh. no. No. It's okay.
- Are you sure? There's gotta be someone.
- No.
Uh… Nenas. why don't you go find Toby
in that pigsty room of yours?
And you can show…
- Rachel.
You can show your bunny to Rachel.
Go up and find him.
Lita. She doesn't wanna see Toby.
Maybe I do.
- Come on. Elie. Help me.
- Okay.
Check under the bed.
Don't get too excited.
Because little Toby's in my truck.
Sometimes when I need a moment of peace.
I just send them on a wild goose chase.
I'll keep that in mind
if I ever have kids.
Listen. I don't…
I don't want to lie to you.
And I'm sure you've already
guessed that this wasn't…
…exactly an accident.
I know.
I-I had a feeling.
Yeah. My… My husband
and I got into a fight and he…
pushed me out the car.
Oh. I… You're lucky to be alive.
I-I-I don't really know
what to do right now.
There's a reason why
I brought these girls out here
to live in the desert
after their mom died.
You want to hear my advice?
You've got to leave him.
You've got to take this opportunity
as an opportunity
- and you never go back to him.
- No. He's not a bad person.
He threw you out of a car.
- But I provoked him.
- And he left you on the side of the road.
We were fighting
and it was… it was my fault.
- It was definitely my fault.
- It's not your fault.
It's never your fault.
I love him.
I do.
So that's why it's hard
to believe that he would…
do this to me.
Just leave me like that.
Hmm. My daughter used to
tell me stories like this.
A million times before and…
Believe me when I tell you
that it does not have a happy ending.
I'm sorry about your girl.
Don't be.
No. listen to me.
A man who leaves you for dead.
he doesn't deserve your love.
He deserves to be in handcuffs. In jail.
Rotting there for the rest of his life.
- I can't do that. uh…
- Oh. Yeah. I know it's hard.
- It's hard. but…
- No. you don't understand. He…
is a cop.
- Oh. fuck.
- Mm-hmm.
His friends are probably looking for me
right now and I can't let them find me.
I don't mean to burden you
with any of this.
I just figured you should know.
Because I really don't want to bring
any trouble to you and your family.
I'm not afraid of trouble.
No one's going to find you here. Okay?
Why don't you take a shower?
And. uh. I'll get you some clean clothes.
- Really?
- Yeah.
I've got a pile of thrift stuff
in the back
'cause the girls won't stop growing.
- I can find you something.
- Hey.
Thank you.
Yeah. It's okay.
Good afternoon. How can I help you?
I. uh…
I rented a car. uh.
for my son from your Vegas location.
And. uh…
Well. it was a birthday weekend.
And you know how
young men in Vegas can be.
I sure do.
The thing is. uh. he hasn't come home.
And he hasn't returned the car.
So. I am starting to worry.
I seem to recall that rental car companies
actually have GPS trackers
in their vehicles.
We do.
But I can't legally
disclose that information.
Oh.
I thought you might say
something like that.
Well. there are always exceptions.
Let's see now.
Subaru Forester. right?
Looks like it's at the Pike's Outlet
in Long Beach.
What. a mall?
- Hello.
- So. you're not going to believe this.
Try me.
Cary's rental car is
at a mall in Long Beach.
What the hell is he doing
at a mall in Long Beach?
Well. exactly. It's been there a day.
- What. do you think he got snatched?
- Maybe.
Or he's dead.
Where are you?
I'm watching them clean up her mess
right now.
And we're talking a serious mess.
How can someone so small
cause so much trouble?
Dutch. I don't have time
for your cowboy haikus right now.
I just need you to find her.
Well. she's on foot.
She can't be more than 20 miles
in any direction.
And there's nothing but nothing out here.
She won't be hard to find.
What about Long Beach?
I am on my way there now.
Jesus…
Thirty years old and
still can't throw away his damn trash.
Hands.
Amen.
Do you guys always do this?
Eat dinner?
No.
Sit together at the table like this.
Isn't that what normal people
are supposed to do?
No such thing as normal. Elie.
Yeah. I didn't have
home-cooked meals growing up.
- Why not?
- Well…
it was just me and my dad.
He had a pretty unpredictable job.
so we moved around a lot.
Mostly lived off of hamburgers and…
shakes.
But sometimes we would get
a big hotel suite.
order all the room service we could eat
and stay up all night watching movies.
Wow.
We never get to do
anything like that.
Lita always makes us eat healthy.
What did I tell you
about eating your vegetables?
It's important.
Yes. but look. She turned out fine.
Finish your dinner.
I'll take you to Dairy Queen.
- Really?
- Mm-hmm.
Is that him?
Oh. um…
Be strong.
Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah.
Ah.
You… don't look like Uber Eats.
No. I was hoping that you could help me.
I'm. uh… I'm looking for Cary Masterson.
- Who?
- Cary Masterson?
I've never heard of him.
No? He's my son.
Oh. I'm sure he's
a wonderful guy. but I don't know him.
No. he's not necessarily a wonderful guy.
In fact. there are times when
I think he's an ungrateful little shit.
and then I blame myself
for raising him that way
and then I get angry at him for hating me.
So what's your name?
Uh. me? Uh. I'm… I'm Noah.
You're not lying to me. are you. Noah?
Look. lady. I'm not lying to you
and I don't know your son.
And. gosh.
I'm sorry he's an ungrateful little shit.
That sucks. But I-I just…
I ordered some food.
That's... What the fuck? Whoa. whoa. whoa.
Whoa. whoa. What the fuck?
Look. my son is missing
and I found your address in his car.
so would you like to try again?
I have no idea who your son is.
I swear to God. lady.
All I want is Del Taco...
Oh. fuck!
- Yeah. You don't get to call him a shit.
- Oh. my God.
Use a tarp.
I don't want blood getting
all over the car.
Hello.
What you got?
Broken trail!
The coyote threw her off.
Can you get it back?
You ever smell a dead coyote?
This is a dead end.
Please. God. I hope you're not making
one of those for me.
I don't know why you're so resistant
to things that are good for you.
Story of my life.
Kale is a superfood. rich in lutein.
- Uh-huh.
- You know what it does?
Uh. no.
but I have a feeling you're gonna tell me.
It reduces muscular degeneration
of the eyes.
And healthy vision. Priscilla. is the key
to seeing through bullshit.
You know. it's funny that someone
so obsessed with being green
made their fortune on a fossil fuel scam.
You're here to ask for more time. so ask.
It's a clusterfuck out there.
but we have picked up the trail.
The clusterfuck. as it were.
was that a second-rate confidence man
like John Armstrong
was able to play you in the first place.
I told you that the money was coming in
faster than I could wash it.
Was it not your job
to figure something out?
Well. I tried.
but you wouldn't listen to me.
You wanted it as much as I did.
No. I wanted to slow things down.
but you wouldn't let me.
Oh. so it's my fault?
You just wouldn't see
the wisdom of moderation.
I saw the wisdom
of a half-billion dollars.
Well. it was impossible to keep
an accurate account of it all.
It was your responsibility.
Look. it was my idea. okay?
The whole fucking thing.
It was my idea.
I made you a fortune.
so it's really not hard to see how
John could exploit that for a few million.
You mean exploit you.
You.
Must be one hell of a cock.
Are you jealous?
Am I jealous?
I don't know. maybe.
There's something pathetic about a woman
at your age thinking sex still
enters into the equation.
Have some dignity. for fuck's sake.
Is Cary working with the girl?
I don't know.
It doesn't matter in the end.
As far as he's concerned.
Please don't threaten my son. Wayne.
I got you out of jail for a reason.
Do your job.
Deliver my money.
But Cary…
Good night. Lita.
Yeah. Good night. Mmm.
Good night.
I love you.
I love you too. Good night.
It's good you didn't pick up earlier
when he called.
He'll keep calling though.
You know what he's gonna say.
that he loves you
and he'll never do it again.
but people don't change.
Yeah. well. some people change.
My daughter died praying that was true.
And the only way
to stay safe is to cut him out.
Well. you know.
it's not always that simple.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I… I overstepped. Your…
Your life is your life.
Listen. I really appreciate
what you've done for me here.
but I should really get going.
Um…
I-I-I know that woman.
She works with him.
Please. please don't say anything
because she's just gonna
bring me back to him and I ca…
- I can't do that.
- Uh… Um…
Go to the girls' bedroom. keep 'em quiet.
- I'll handle this. Yeah. of course
- Really?
Yeah. just a second!
Can I help you?
Hi. I'm. uh. Special Agent Billie Rand.
FBI. And I'm sorry
to disturb you at your dinnertime.
but we're looking for a missing woman.
Oh. It's just me
and my two granddaughters.
- We haven't seen anyone.
- Okay.
Um.
- Do you mind if I show you her picture?
- Sure. yeah.
Yeah. just in case you spot her…
- Yeah. Of course.
- …after the fact.
Oh.
Oh. she's got a sweet face.
I. uh. hope she turns up.
Okay. so we're gonna stay in here
and do our best to be quiet. all right?
- Why?
- Who's at the door?
Um…
Can you guys keep a secret?
- Sure.
- Yeah?
Okay. come here.
So. this is gonna be a little bit scary.
all right?
But. um. you see it?
You see this?
Yeah.
So. the lady that's out there.
she's friends with the person who hurt me.
and if she finds me
then I'm gonna get hurt again.
and I really.
really don't want that to happen.
So do you think you could help me out?
- Yeah.
- What do we… What do we do?
Oh. You just stay really. really quiet.
Um. can I give you my card?
- Sure.
- In case you spot her.
Yeah. of course. Of course.
Actually. I don't have a card.
If you have a piece of paper. a pen.
I could write my number down.
Sure. Absolutely. Yeah.
I'll be right back. Yeah.
Uh. what's your name?
- Sylvia.
- Ah.
Sylvia.
I tell you. I have had a day.
- Oh. yeah?
- Do you mind if I come in for…
for a glass of water?
- Yeah. Yeah. of course. Yeah. come in.
- Thank you.
Yeah. I'll… I'll get that…
So it's just you and your
granddaughters out here. huh?
Yes. ma'am.
You have them full time?
- Yes. ma'am.
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
Mmm.
I have a kid myself.
- Oh. yeah?
- Teenage daughter.
Uh-oh. Teenager. huh?
- Back in Los Angeles.
- Mmm.
So. what's it like?
Raising girls all the way out here?
It's easier. I think.
Away from other people. I don't have a…
I can't find a pen.
You wanna put it in my phone?
Yeah. that's fine.
- Here you go.
- Good. thank you.
You said it was just you and your
two granddaughters out here. right?
Yes. ma'am.
But there are four dishes
drying on the rack over there.
Who's the other plate for?
- I'm sorry?
- Who's the fourth dish for?
Look.
Sylvia.
This woman I'm looking for.
she may have a sweet face…
but she's very dangerous.
She killed two men last night.
Set their car on fire.
She's a career criminal on the run.
and she will stop at nothing. nothing.
to get where she wants to go.
Now I know you have your daughters
out here to keep them safe.
but you let the wrong person
in your house today.
Do you understand me?
Yeah.
I'm gonna keep you
and your girls safe.
What do I do?
Okay. girls.
Um. I need to go get something
from out there.
so you guys just stay in here and
I promise everything's gonna be all right.
okay?
- Okay.
- You're coming back…
right?
Yeah. sweetheart. I promise. okay?
- Please come back.
- Okay. I promise.
Be brave. all right.
Oh.
Okay. okay.
Remember.
Now I'm not gonna let anything happen
to you and your girls.
Is she still here?
She's with my girls in the room.
What will bring your girls out?
- Ice cream.
- Okay. all right.
I want you to call them out here.
Calm down.
Call them out.
Nena.
- Call 'em.
- Come out for some ice cream.
Girls.
Are you sure?
I thought you told us to stay in here.
Come out for some ice cream. it's okay.
Everything's okay.
What's happening?
Try and be quiet.
Yes. Okay.
Lucky!
Lucky. stop!
How did you know that would work?
Every person's got a rhythm.
You learn to play it.
you can make 'em dance.
- Where are we running to?
- We are not running.
People only run when they're in danger.
And you're only in danger
if you're not in control.
We're in control.
All units be on the look out
for a stolen brown F-150
out of Mohave County
last spotted heading east.
Driver is believed to be
a Caucasian female. late 20s. blonde hair.
I tell her they print the
expiration date on the milk
two weeks early.
that's how they make their profit.
They have an algorithm or something
like that to figure shit out for 'em.
I don't know. she didn't believe me.
So. what do you think? Snickers?
Or Baby Ruth?
- That's got the nuts. right?
- Peanuts and caramel. I think.
Mmm.
Hey. can I put 40 on seven.
while he makes up his mind?
- Of course.
- Mmm. Mmm. Mmm.
Is there gluten in this? If I eat gluten.
I'm gonna bloat like a tick.
I don't know.
They're so good.
They both go good with milk.
that's for sure.
Can I get five Lucky 10 scratchers?
- Got it.
- Mmm.
Five lucky 10 scratchers.
Oh. my God!
Hey. Dutch.
How's it going?
You know me. Living the dream.
911. what's your emergency?
- She's not happy with you.
- Yeah. I bet.
- Where's the money?
- Where's Cary?
Come on. Lucky. Play ball.
You know what Wayne will do to him.
He'll do it to you. too.
- Tell me about Long Beach.
- What the hell's in Long Beach?
We found his car.
And if you really don't know where he is.
then you have to know that
we're going to find him first.
You might want to think about
getting on the right side of all this.
Maybe there's a way out for you.
Fuck you. Dutch.
It's always the hard way
with you. huh?
Well. yeah.
I gotta be me.
Goddamn it.
Put it out!
Lucky.
Lucky!
You're only in danger
when you're not in control.
We're in control.